Add whitespace PR to change wave doc under 16.10 (#5855)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/ChangeWaves.md

- [Truncate Target/Task skipped log messages to 1024 chars](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/5553)
- [Don't expand full drive globs with false condition](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/5669)
### 16.10

> - [Detect whitespace in property name](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/5672)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Error when a property expansion in a condition has whitespace](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/5672)
```
